Add release note and update doc regarding ICU (#14712)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/development/contributing_guide.md

Synapse can connect to PostgreSQL via the [psycopg2](https://pypi.org/project/psycopg2/) Python library. Building this library from source requires access to PostgreSQL's C header files. On Debian or Ubuntu Linux, these can be installed with `sudo apt install libpq-dev`.

> Synapse has some optional improved user search supporting Unicode. For that you need the development package of `libicu`. On Debian or Ubuntu Linux, these can be installed with `sudo apt install libicu-dev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synapse has an optional, improved user search with better Unicode support. For that you need the development package of `libicu`. On Debian or Ubuntu Linux, this can be installed with `sudo apt install libicu-dev`.
```
